README.md, before:

# Codewars

My solve Kata from CodeWars.

| ID Github link to solve                                                                                                          | Solved Kata                                                                                         | Kyu                                                                             |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [1](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Count%20Odd%20Numbers%20below%20n/)                   | [Count Odd Numbers below n](https://www.codewars.com/kata/59342039eb450e39970000a6)                 | [8](./JavaScript/Count%20Odd%20Numbers%20below%20n/README.md)                   |
| [2](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Square%20n%20Sum/)                                    | [Square(n) Sum](https://www.codewars.com/kata/515e271a311df0350d00000f)                             | [8](./JavaScript/Square%20n%20Sum/README.md)                                    |
| [3](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/How%20many%20lightsabers%20do%20you%20own/)           | [How many lightsabers do you own](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51f9d93b4095e0a7200001b8)           | [8](./JavaScript/How%20many%20lightsabers%20do%20you%20own/README.md)           |
| [4](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Beginner%20-%20Lost%20Without%20a%20Map/)             | [Beginner - Lost Without a Map](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57f781872e3d8ca2a000007e)             | [8](./JavaScript/Beginner%20-%20Lost%20Without%20a%20Map/README.md)             |
| [5](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Coding%203min%20:%20Jumping%20Dutch%20act/)           | [Coding 3min : Jumping Dutch act](https://www.codewars.com/kata/570bcd9715944a2c8e000009)           | [8](./JavaScript/Coding%203min%20:%20Jumping%20Dutch%20act/README.md)           |
| [6](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Opposite%20number/)                                   | [Opposite number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dec885c54a926dcd001095)                           | [8](./JavaScript/Opposite%20number/README.md)                                   |
| [7](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Multiply/)                                            | [Multiply](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50654ddff44f800200000004)                                  | [8](./JavaScript/Multiply/README.md)                                            |
| [8](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Grasshopper%20-%20Terminal%20game%20move%20function/) | [Grasshopper - Terminal game move function](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563a631f7cbbc236cf0000c2) | [8](./JavaScript/Grasshopper%20-%20Terminal%20game%20move%20function/README.md) |
| [9](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Vowel%20Count/)                                       | [Vowel Count](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54ff3102c1bad923760001f3)                               | [7](./JavaScript/Vowel%20Count/README.md)                                       |
| [10](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Get%20Nth%20Even%20Number/)                          | [Get Nth Even Number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/get-nth-even-number/javascript)                 | [8](./JavaScript/Get%20Nth%20Even%20Number/README.md)                           |
| [11](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Mumbling)                                            | [Mumbling](https://www.codewars.com/kata/mumbling/javascript)                                       | [7](./JavaScript/Mumbling/README.md)                                            |
| [12](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/counting%20sheep)                                    | [Counting sheep](https://www.codewars.com/kata/counting-sheep-dot-dot-dot/javascript)               | [8](./JavaScript/counting%20sheep/README.md)                                    |
| [13](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Sum%20of%20differences%20in%20array)                 | [Sum of differences in array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/sum-of-differences-in-array/javascript) | [8](./JavaScript/Sum%20of%20differences%20in%20array/README.md)                 |
| [14](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Complete%20The%20Pattern%20%231)                     | [Complete The Pattern #1](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5572f7c346eb58ae9c000047/javascript)        | [7](./JavaScript/Complete%20The%20Pattern%20%231/README.md)                     |
| [15](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Find%20the%20middle%20element)                       | [Find the middle element](https://www.codewars.com/kata/545a4c5a61aa4c6916000755/javascript)        | [7](./JavaScript/Find%20the%20middle%20element/README.md)                       |
|  |  |  |
| [1](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Take%20the%20First%20N%20Elements)                    | [Take the First N Elements](https://www.codewars.com/kata/545afd0761aa4c3055001386/javascript)      | [8](./JavaScript/Take%20the%20First%20N%20Elements/README.md)                   |
| [2](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Twice%20as%20old)                                     | [Twice as old](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5b853229cfde412a470000d0/javascript)                   | [8](./JavaScript/Twice%20as%20old/README.md)                                    |
| [3](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Returning%20Strings)                                  | [Returning Strings](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55a70521798b14d4750000a4/javascript)              | [8](./JavaScript/Returning%20Strings/README.md)                                 |
| [4](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Abbreviate%20a%20Two%20Word%20Name)                   | [Abbreviate a Two Word Name](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eadb7ecd143f4c9c0000a3/javascript)     | [8](./JavaScript/Abbreviate%20a%20Two%20Word%20Name/README.md)                  |
| [5](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Remove%20First%20and%20Last%20Character)              | [Remove First and Last Character](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56bc28ad5bdaeb48760009b0/javascript)| [8](./JavaScript/Remove%20First%20and%20Last%20Character/README.md)             |
| [6](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Rotate%20for%20a%20Max)                               | [Rotate for a Max](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56a4872cbb65f3a610000026/javascript)               | [7](./JavaScript/Rotate%20for%20a%20Max/README.md)                              |
| [7](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Backspaces%20in%20string)                             | [Backspaces in string](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5727bb0fe81185ae62000ae3/javascript)           | [6](./JavaScript/Backspaces%20in%20string/README.md)                            |
| [8](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Build%20Tower)                                        | [Build Tower](https://www.codewars.com/kata/576757b1df89ecf5bd00073b/javascript)                    | [6](./JavaScript/Build%20Tower/README.md)                                       |
| [9](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Your%20order%20please)                                | [Your order please](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f/javascript)              | [6](./JavaScript/Your%20order%20please/README.md)                               |
| [10](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Give%20me%20a%20Diamond)                             | [Give me a Diamond](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5503013e34137eeeaa001648/javascript)              | [6](./JavaScript/Give%20me%20a%20Diamond/README.md)                             |
| [11](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Find%20the%20missing%20letter)                       | [Find the missing letter](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5839edaa6754d6fec10000a2/javascript)        | [6](./JavaScript/Find%20the%20missing%20letter/README.md)                       |
| [12](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Range%20Extraction)                                  | [Range Extraction](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51ba717bb08c1cd60f00002f/javascript)               | [4](./JavaScript/Range%20Extraction/README.md)                                  |
| [13](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Snail)                                               | [Snail](https://www.codewars.com/kata/521c2db8ddc89b9b7a0000c1/javascript)                          | [4](./JavaScript/Snail/README.md)                                               |

![badge](https://www.codewars.com/users/SebastianWesolowsik/badges/large)

My CodeWars profile: https://www.codewars.com/users/SebastianWesolowsik

### Helper Link:

Markdown conventer:
https://euangoddard.github.io/clipboard2markdown/

Tester Speed JS Script:
https://jsben.ch/

Commit message:

resolve task: Counting Duplicates int32 to IPv4 Moving Zeros To The End Sudoku Solution Validator Who likes it

README.md, after:

# Codewars

My solve Kata from CodeWars.

| ID Github link to solve                                                                                                          | Solved Kata                                                                                         | Kyu                                                                             |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [1](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Count%20Odd%20Numbers%20below%20n/)                   | [Count Odd Numbers below n](https://www.codewars.com/kata/59342039eb450e39970000a6)                 | [8](./JavaScript/Count%20Odd%20Numbers%20below%20n/README.md)                   |
| [2](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Square%20n%20Sum/)                                    | [Square(n) Sum](https://www.codewars.com/kata/515e271a311df0350d00000f)                             | [8](./JavaScript/Square%20n%20Sum/README.md)                                    |
| [3](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/How%20many%20lightsabers%20do%20you%20own/)           | [How many lightsabers do you own](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51f9d93b4095e0a7200001b8)           | [8](./JavaScript/How%20many%20lightsabers%20do%20you%20own/README.md)           |
| [4](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Beginner%20-%20Lost%20Without%20a%20Map/)             | [Beginner - Lost Without a Map](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57f781872e3d8ca2a000007e)             | [8](./JavaScript/Beginner%20-%20Lost%20Without%20a%20Map/README.md)             |
| [5](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Coding%203min%20:%20Jumping%20Dutch%20act/)           | [Coding 3min : Jumping Dutch act](https://www.codewars.com/kata/570bcd9715944a2c8e000009)           | [8](./JavaScript/Coding%203min%20:%20Jumping%20Dutch%20act/README.md)           |
| [6](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Opposite%20number/)                                   | [Opposite number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dec885c54a926dcd001095)                           | [8](./JavaScript/Opposite%20number/README.md)                                   |
| [7](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Multiply/)                                            | [Multiply](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50654ddff44f800200000004)                                  | [8](./JavaScript/Multiply/README.md)                                            |
| [8](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Grasshopper%20-%20Terminal%20game%20move%20function/) | [Grasshopper - Terminal game move function](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563a631f7cbbc236cf0000c2) | [8](./JavaScript/Grasshopper%20-%20Terminal%20game%20move%20function/README.md) |
| [9](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Vowel%20Count/)                                       | [Vowel Count](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54ff3102c1bad923760001f3)                               | [7](./JavaScript/Vowel%20Count/README.md)                                       |
| [10](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Get%20Nth%20Even%20Number/)                          | [Get Nth Even Number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/get-nth-even-number/javascript)                 | [8](./JavaScript/Get%20Nth%20Even%20Number/README.md)                           |
| [11](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Mumbling)                                            | [Mumbling](https://www.codewars.com/kata/mumbling/javascript)                                       | [7](./JavaScript/Mumbling/README.md)                                            |
| [12](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/counting%20sheep)                                    | [Counting sheep](https://www.codewars.com/kata/counting-sheep-dot-dot-dot/javascript)               | [8](./JavaScript/counting%20sheep/README.md)                                    |
| [13](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Sum%20of%20differences%20in%20array)                 | [Sum of differences in array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/sum-of-differences-in-array/javascript) | [8](./JavaScript/Sum%20of%20differences%20in%20array/README.md)                 |
| [14](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Complete%20The%20Pattern%20%231)                     | [Complete The Pattern #1](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5572f7c346eb58ae9c000047/javascript)        | [7](./JavaScript/Complete%20The%20Pattern%20%231/README.md)                     |
| [15](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Find%20the%20middle%20element)                       | [Find the middle element](https://www.codewars.com/kata/545a4c5a61aa4c6916000755/javascript)        | [7](./JavaScript/Find%20the%20middle%20element/README.md)                       |
|  |  |  |
| [1](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Take%20the%20First%20N%20Elements)                    | [Take the First N Elements](https://www.codewars.com/kata/545afd0761aa4c3055001386/javascript)      | [8](./JavaScript/Take%20the%20First%20N%20Elements/README.md)                   |
| [2](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Twice%20as%20old)                                     | [Twice as old](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5b853229cfde412a470000d0/javascript)                   | [8](./JavaScript/Twice%20as%20old/README.md)                                    |
| [3](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Returning%20Strings)                                  | [Returning Strings](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55a70521798b14d4750000a4/javascript)              | [8](./JavaScript/Returning%20Strings/README.md)                                 |
| [4](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Abbreviate%20a%20Two%20Word%20Name)                   | [Abbreviate a Two Word Name](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eadb7ecd143f4c9c0000a3/javascript)     | [8](./JavaScript/Abbreviate%20a%20Two%20Word%20Name/README.md)                  |
| [5](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Remove%20First%20and%20Last%20Character)              | [Remove First and Last Character](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56bc28ad5bdaeb48760009b0/javascript)| [8](./JavaScript/Remove%20First%20and%20Last%20Character/README.md)             |
| [6](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Rotate%20for%20a%20Max)                               | [Rotate for a Max](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56a4872cbb65f3a610000026/javascript)               | [7](./JavaScript/Rotate%20for%20a%20Max/README.md)                              |
| [7](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Backspaces%20in%20string)                             | [Backspaces in string](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5727bb0fe81185ae62000ae3/javascript)           | [6](./JavaScript/Backspaces%20in%20string/README.md)                            |
| [8](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Build%20Tower)                                        | [Build Tower](https://www.codewars.com/kata/576757b1df89ecf5bd00073b/javascript)                    | [6](./JavaScript/Build%20Tower/README.md)                                       |
| [9](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Your%20order%20please)                                | [Your order please](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f/javascript)              | [6](./JavaScript/Your%20order%20please/README.md)                               |
| [10](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Give%20me%20a%20Diamond)                             | [Give me a Diamond](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5503013e34137eeeaa001648/javascript)              | [6](./JavaScript/Give%20me%20a%20Diamond/README.md)                             |
| [11](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Find%20the%20missing%20letter)                       | [Find the missing letter](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5839edaa6754d6fec10000a2/javascript)        | [6](./JavaScript/Find%20the%20missing%20letter/README.md)                       |
| [12](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Range%20Extraction)                                  | [Range Extraction](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51ba717bb08c1cd60f00002f/javascript)               | [4](./JavaScript/Range%20Extraction/README.md)                                  |
| [13](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Counting%20Duplicates)                               | [Counting Duplicates](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54bf1c2cd5b56cc47f0007a1/javascript)            | [6](JavaScript/Counting%20Duplicates/README.md)                                 |
| [14](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/int32%20t%20IPv4s)                                   | [int32 to IPv4](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52e88b39ffb6ac53a400022e/javascript)                  | [5](JavaScript/int32%20t%20IPv4s/README.md)                                     |
| [15](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Moving%20Zeros%20To%20The%20End)                     | [Moving Zeros To The End](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52597aa56021e91c93000cb0/javascript)        | [5](JavaScript/Moving%20Zeros%20To%20The%20End/README.md)                       |
| [16](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Sudoku%20Solution%20Validator)                       | [Sudoku Solution Validator](https://www.codewars.com/kata/529bf0e9bdf7657179000008/javascript)      | [4](JavaScript/Sudoku%20Solution%20Validator/README.md)                         |
| [17](https://github.com/SebastianWesolowski/codeWars/tree/master/JavaScript/Who%20likes%20it)                                    | [Who likes it](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5266876b8f4bf2da9b000362/javascript)                   | [6](JavaScript/Who%20likes%20it/README.md)                                      |

![badge](https://www.codewars.com/users/SebastianWesolowsik/badges/large)

My CodeWars profile: https://www.codewars.com/users/SebastianWesolowsik

### Helper Link:

Markdown conventer:
https://euangoddard.github.io/clipboard2markdown/

Tester Speed JS Script:
https://jsben.ch/



Counting Duplicates
int32 to IPv4
Moving Zeros To The End
Sudoku Solution Validator
Who likes it
